A quick story whilst people are arriving.

I celebrated my 55th birthday on November 18 last year, the day after the British and Irish masters international was to be held in Singleton Park in my home city of Swansea. It's an annual race, which moves through different venues in the home nations, so I was very excited to see it in Swansea and desperately wanted to run. Masters races are held in 5 year age category bands, meaning I was the oldest person up for selection for the Welsh V50 team. Sadly, as my recent results weren't good enough, I wasn't selected.

Now, veteran athletes are determined and competitive but perhaps more injury prone than juniors and seniors. I knew that as a reserve, I had a chance of competing. Indeed, a couple of days before the event I got an email from team manager Bernie Jones. A late withdrawal meant they needed a 6th man on the V45 team. Could I step in?

I didn't hesistate and replied it would be an honour.

So, Saturday 17th November I lined up alongside 50 athletes in Singleton park. I looked round for any bandaged knees, anyone carrying a few extra kilos. I listened for the sound of coughing and spluttering. No, everyone was looking lean, fit and focused, as well as being between 15 and 5 years younger than me. The start was a charge, and by the first turn I was losing contact with the race.

I came last.

You know what? I loved it! I paced it well, stayed in some sort of contact, got the job done, scored points for the team. As the last runner wearing a red Welsh vest in Wales' second city you get attention, encouragement, applause. I was cheered around the course and finished euphoric.

Also towards the end of last year, I had submitted my proposal to run this session, "Bootstrapped by Boost". Again, to my disappointment, on January 18th, I got a "Sorry, not this time" response. Perhaps there was some relief on my part because I hadn't actually written the talk. A 90 minute session would take considerable effort, and I'm not short of things to do in my spare time.

Again, rather late in the day, I got called from the reserve list. This time I _did_ hesistate -- could I get in shape for the big event? We were flat out at work. After 48 hours of consideration, and perhaps after my racing experience, I decided to accept. I love the ACCU conference and get so much more from it as a presenter. So that's why I am here.

Feel free to applaud as I run around the course.
